5 Benefits of Listening to Music Tuned to 432 Hz
1 - Reduces Stress Levels 
Research has shown that listening to 432 Hz dramatically reduces our anxiety and stress levels. A 2020 study analyzed the effects of 440 Hz and 432 Hz music in reducing patient anxiety before a dental procedure. The results found that the cortisol levels (stress hormone) levels were significantly lower in the group exposed to 432 Hz music vs. the 440 Hz group before the medical procedure.

2 - Aligns one with nature
As we said, Verdi’s pitch resonates with the Earth’s natural frequency. Thus, 432 Hz has a grounding effect on our mind, helping us feel more connected to nature and all living beings around us. This can go a long way in restoring our precious vibrational balance with that of our world. 

3 - Improves Sleep Quality
Scientific research published in 2019 saw that 432 Hz music put the participants in a significantly more relaxed state. This was due to an increase in their brain’s alpha wave activity, which is linked to a state of wakeful relaxedness - which is the first stage of the onset of sleep. 

4 - Slows Down Breath, Heart Rate & Blood Pressure
A 2019 scientific study compared how 440 Hz and 432 Hz music affects our health indicators. The results were astounding - 432 Hz was linked to a decrease in blood pressure levels and heart rate by about 5 beats per minute!

The same study also found that 432 Hz music slowed down the breath of the participants as well.

Finally, the people in the 432 Hz were found to be more focused on listening to the music and were more satisfied after the listening session vs. the 440 Hz group. 

5 - Preserves Hearing Ability
Because 432 Hz music is deeper, mellower, and softer in its frequency, you don’t need to turn the volume knob up too high for it to be audible. You can hear it just fine at lesser volume levels. In the long run, this can preserve our ability to hear much better than listening to music at a higher frequency.

432 Hz resonates with the Schumann Resonance of 8 Hz which is the vibration of the earth. It causes listeners to feel better and more connected with nature. It attunes our brains to the frequency of the earth. The frequency resonates inside of a person’s body, thereby helping to release energetic blockages. “A” is 432 Hz (also known as Verdi’s A) because it has “a pure tone of math fundamental to nature” and is “mathematically consistent with the patterns of the universe, vibrating with Phi, the Golden Ratio. 

A=432 Hz, known as Verdi's 'A' is an alternative tuning that is mathematically consistent with the universe

Music that is tuned to 432 Hz is more friendly for the ears and unites the listeners to the universal harmony and generates positive effects on the mind and body.

The frequency to 432 Hz leads to tune into a deeper state, activating higher cognitive capabilities, such as creativity, open-mindedness, hospitality,
